[docs] Add infos for Windows agent installation (#84)
OpenBAS-Platform/docs: docs/usage/openbas-agent.md

Windows

>   - Requirement → Powershell "run as administrator", access to the openbas instance used. If installation failed, try with Powershell 7 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Requirement → Powershell "run as administrator", and ensure access to the OpenBAS instance being used. If the installation fails, try using PowerShell 7 or higher.
```

Author: Thanks, Update done :) !
